Adds support for when in use only. (#1295)
Baseflow/flutter-permission-handler: permission_handler_apple/CHANGELOG.md

## 9.4.3

> * Adds the `PERMISSION_LOCATION_WHENINUSE` marco, which can be used instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds the `PERMISSION_LOCATION_WHENINUSE` macro, which can be used instead of
```

> the `PERMISSION_LOCATION` macro and only enable the `requestWhenInUseAuthorization`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `PERMISSION_LOCATION` macro, and exclusively enables the `requestWhenInUseAuthorization`
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure how to make this more readable :)
